# Federated Quantum Machine Learning in Qiskit: Design and Implementation
# Investigators: 
- Dr Shiva Pokhrel (shiva.pokhrel@deakin.edu.au) is a Marie Curie Fellow and Senior Mobile and Quantum Computing Lecturer. He received the PhD ICT Engineering degree from Swinburne University of Technology, Australia.  He was a research fellow at the University of Melbourne and a Telecom network engineer (2007-2014). His research interests include quantum machine learning, federated learning, semantic communication, federated learning, industry 4.0, blockchain modeling, optimization, recommender systems, 6G, cloud computing, dynamics control, Internet of Things and cyber-physical systems, as well as their applications in intelligent manufacturing, autonomous vehicles and cities. He has been on the editorial board of top-notch journals in the field. He serves/served as the Workshop Chair/Publicity Co-Chair for several IEEE/ACM conferences, including IEEE INFOCOM, IEEE GLOBECOM, IEEE ICC, ACM MobiCom, and more.  He was a recipient of the prestigious  Marie Curie Fellowship in 2017.

- Dr Jonathan Kua is a Lecturer in Internet of Things and Quantum Computing at Deakin University. He received his B.Eng. (First Class Hons.) degree in telecommunications and network engineering in 2014 and Ph.D. degree in telecommunications engineering in 2019, both from Swinburne University of Technology, Melbourne, Australia. He was previously affiliated with the Centre for Advanced Internet Architectures (2013-2017) and the Internet For Things Research Group (2017-2019), within Swinburne University of Technology. He was awarded a full Netflix Ph.D. scholarship to pursue applied research in high-performance Internet Protocol-based content delivery and adaptive streaming. His research was internationally recognized with a second runner-up of the DASH-IF Best Ph.D. Dissertation Award on "Algorithms and Protocols for Adaptive Content Delivery over the Internet" (2019), and commended locally with the Swinburne Outstanding Thesis Award (2019).
  
- Naman Yash is a research intern at IoT Lab Deakin working on Quantum Federated Learning.


